Updates to PyManager docs based on feedback. (#142473)
python/cpython: Doc/using/windows.rst

       the `legacy launcher`_, or with the Python install manager when installed
       from the MSI.

   * - I have installed the Python install manager multiple times.
     - It is possible to install from the Store or WinGet, from the MSIX on

>        the Python web site, and from the MSI, all at once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       the Python website, and from the MSI, all at once.
```
